alright check it out this your boy
confer yup said and amanda's do since
freezes having a real serious
conversation about dr. dre and DJ Quik
what up pretty much saying on my defense
is that you know I love dr. Dre I just
told it nigga if Dre put out an album
I'm a buyer tomorrow right I will buy it
tomorrow that Sciuto actually i'ma buy
today because it's past 12 so I'm a wide
tomorrow you feel it i'm saying that
shoot oh but i'm trying to tell this
nigga detail quick is also a fool on
that level i'm that nigga is not going
to nigga these a quick has been doing it
you remember when your city was just
like Compton do you remember when yo
city was just like Compton I mean I'm
just saying right that was before the
chronic was smoking if you remember and
that's not to take nothing away from dre
cuz when the chronic was smoking I was
like puff puff pass you feel them sad
but this Nick over here we put the
camera on them go ahead and explain your
side of which is what you're talking
about nigga how long are only really
gonna hear him too much kiss her hey I
talk about nine but all I hear you got
here call you
anyway mary says she's ready don't take
some bullshit man like I said dr. dre vs
DJ quik if dr. dre was tryin album
tomorrow I'm saying I ain't just talkin
about in cali cuz it seemed like this
nigga is standing one little area no not
no not digging is it standing what a
little fucking area yeah I'm saying me
not being from California and me being
from somewhere else a motherfucker is
going by a dr dre album before they buy
a DJ quik album that's where I'm from
that's New York that's Baltimore that's
Florida naked New York last ten million
people in the firm did not go go are you
telling me though look who he was
fucking with it to time though nigga
nice yeah fuck shit who else was in that
Cormac ok AZ that's that's a you know
what and that's that's telling you I got
love for these niggas cuz that's the
all-star lineup right there what he
don't remember though is that was around
the time that the east and the west
coast beef was going on so he'll know I
motherfuckers ain't gonna fuck with
Drake on that level trying to fuck with
East Coast niggas knowing that that's
just some shit he trying to do that's
like propaganda right there and he
niggas is really beef that's why that
firm album didn't go like he did that's
no the firm album didn't go like that
was that now the most i hate to say this
but for the most that firm album really
went into bidness it really didn't show
the potential that all fordham
individuals had our five including Dre
it really didn't show in my opinion
that's the firm album flopped because it
had a food truck so header was hot is it
and I we kind of breathing I had a
headset tape in that fucking bucks look
like a cigarette boss dogs look I what
Fox a lift the top take the tape out and
she look like a cigarette pack you know
i remember that i had that bitch I was
rocking that bitch in high school 9th
grade I remember they trying to remember
what Fox said I'm gonna win first cuz
she was killing it though
what song was that I don't know that's
going officer okay but get back on get
back on it could what I was saying is
that watch imma hit my boob just for the
things that dr. Dre has done yeah I'm
saying and the fact that dr. Drake can
take the time off that he did all these
years that he took out the upset he'll
come back and drop some excel on every
coach he will outsell DJ quik guarantee
now I'm seeing but beyond a simple fact
hello wait a minute ok so I'm away sir
no wait a minute let me catch my breath
insert it is certain places where
certain niggas don't sell liked it you
know I'm saying I know why I'm from
y'all's in DJ quik and going out sale
dr.dre so hold on hold on but puzzle now
I forget before I get my thoughts now
because he's done pho when dr. dre drops
the album how many all-stars is he gonna
have on that album he gonna have the
snoops the Eminem's the fifties the wood
wops the hoop wops the true wops one DJ
quik dropper album it's gonna be
majority quick and my life ok so that's
cuz quick is Chris quicks yeah we
talking about also select away mother
finally go home we chop go ahead big
this bill were talking about DJ curly
big boy hold on cuz spittin was dr. Trey
don't write his own shit we hope you
know that ok everybody I with no don't
drain when I on auto but we oh we oh I'm
targeted cuz i would love drug we don't
trade and wrote some of his own as we
unload right we won't do love Trey we're
just trying it up right now Royce wrote
a lot of yo album 159 he wrote a lot of
that crying when he's got a 25 mr. Royce
guy ate up by mr. fast some ugly but we
ain't gonna talk about that right now I
was on a DVD with mr. fan ain't our
points to finite some other monday like
dad I'm out there right now I'm say he
did you up dobre something on sat there
on thur device for what I'm sad though
instead spitting wise of course nigga
now I'm saying Quinton over his head
float yeah I'm saying he got him on he
beat wise to he got that too but
we could happen